hell are they and today I thought we
would look at the photography app and
light and this has been out a while is
quite hoping the chaps I kept meaning to
try it a family got around to it so
today I thought I would show you some of
the features it's really cool
photography app and it's probably one
that could replace many of you are there
photography apps as well so first one
and what we're going to do is use this
picture and this one that you can see at
the moment is one that's not being
editor anything yet and we're going to
add some filters so first of all just
show you the different tools like you
can have so if you've got canvas so you
can like crop it if you want to our
refit it but I'm quite happy this size
already then here in the image you can
adjust things like your clarity the
target if you want to it's got a nice
little help menu as well so if you
wanted to make it a little little crisp
are vivid you can do all that contrast
you can change all those HDR that's
pretty cool actually so we'll go with
that one kind as you can sit normal this
at 75 if you want to lower our increase
that you just swipe up or down sorry
left all right on your screen but we'll
leave it as it was if you want to see
what it looked like the five spaces
button here and you can see it's added a
nice bit of light actually sounds pretty
cool then here you've got some tools as
well where you can change things like
holy slipped on all the basic things
they want to and you can mask it as well
but we'll leave it at that so once you
have that disperse artic and he'll do
that for you and then we'll go down
close out this filters next andrew
laeddis filters you've got your black
and white Jew or analog still going to
tap on analog now down here is the list
all the different filters some of them
obviously quite dramatic again you can
change all these settings quite like
that Angela and let's see I've already
done this once to one of them when I was
practicing and i added a really cool
filter not quite sure where it was now
so i quite like that one it's quite blue
so i may come back to that one see
so we'll go with we'll go with that one
and if you want to set increase it you
can do so i'll increase it slightly I'm
really going to filter this and try and
make it all stand out so I'm happy with
that one again if you want to compare it
before and after you can do it so it's
that close filters or learning tools as
well you've got things like mixer at V
shape and tilt shift let's try it tilt
shift so I just want to focus on this
one here that's pretty cool close up and
then in artistic you can add things like
painting I'm not going to on this one
though but you can do if you want to
like so if you wanted to make a look
into a paint as you can see that's just
an example don't actually want to do
that I'll sketch our urban oops go back
then you've got brushes and here you can
add doodles are effects and absolutely
love these effects they're going to be
no good on this first I'm doing now but
just look at this life like Google as
you can add bubbles but look at this one
got all those little part how cool is
that there's loads there i'm just
showing these not actually heals all
these lots of things you can do to tweak
your pictures if you like adding effects
of class sizes but in there you can do
those rules as well as the doodle one
failure after that's not a doodle but
you get the idea and then it's closed
pushes text you can type some text if
you want it to which is easing up and
you can choose what sort you want and
then just place it wherever you want it
to go either some already let you can
choose from those ones and it can be
sized and things like that and change
them if you want to and again you can
change other mask of them as well as
shadow blend them all sorts absolutely
loads and there's these one
as well you can type me move right then
in finalized you've got dolls hearts
again you've got barda's you can make
collage frames as well if you want to
counter to add a frame you could do oh
look at that in that sweet so we work
brother actually I was going to be able
world and again with this one you can
choose i will pick you want it so bit
like from can do this perhaps section so
it's really really cool so as you can
see is absolutely loads of stuff you can
do with it that's not quite happy with
that one and then when you have with it
you just you can save a session so you
can come back or you can save it photos
that's dead easy and again if you want
to do another one we'll have a quick
look at this one let's find a filter
let's go for black on one at this time
there's lots of black and white ones
that's quite nice go that one and again
there's also a different filters here as
well you can choose from and mask as
well again
I'm driving brother Bernat text these
are just basically the menus it's dead
easy to use he was where you can change
all the settings so you can do and
different qualities and delete any
sessions that you've saved as well it's
really easy to use and it's all got
little menus as well I'll sure you pull
that down Jim menu with how to do the
settings so you cannot understand sure
how it works just look there and will
tell you daddy's it was nice or like
that one as well okay see the phone
after but you can see there's lots of
features and is so easy to use and as I
say it's probably a nap but it would
replace a lot of your photography apps
and make it all into one so give it a
try it's definitely worth download
thanks watching guys bye Finn